README.md, before:

# GIPS SEAMS 2023 Artifact VM

[**GIPS**](https://gips.dev) is an open-source framework for **G**raph-Based **I**LP **P**roblem **S**pecification.

This repository holds the exemplar of our **SEAMS 2023 Artifact** submission together with the **GIPS** framework as a runnable virtual machine (VM) artifact.

[![VM Provisioning](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-artifact-vm/actions/workflows/vagrant-up.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-artifact-vm/actions/workflows/vagrant-up.yml)
[![Build GIPS SEAMS Tutorial PDF](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-artifact-vm/actions/workflows/tutorial.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-artifact-vm/actions/workflows/tutorial.yml)


## Setup

- Download the latest VM build from the [releases section](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-artifact-vm/releases/latest).
    - The VM builds are split into three archive parts due to GitHub platform limitations. You have to download all three of them.
- Download the latest setup step-by-step guide (PDF) from the [releases section](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-artifact-vm/releases/latest).
- All further steps are explained in the PDF file.


## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

Commit message:

Adds GitHub repo link (source code) to README.md

README.md, after:

# GIPS SEAMS 2023 Artifact VM

[**GIPS**](https://gips.dev) is an open-source framework for **G**raph-Based **I**LP **P**roblem **S**pecification.

This repository holds the exemplar of our **SEAMS 2023 Artifact** submission together with the **GIPS** framework as a runnable virtual machine (VM) artifact.

[![VM Provisioning](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-artifact-vm/actions/workflows/vagrant-up.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-artifact-vm/actions/workflows/vagrant-up.yml)
[![Build GIPS SEAMS Tutorial PDF](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-artifact-vm/actions/workflows/tutorial.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-artifact-vm/actions/workflows/tutorial.yml)

The source code of the exemplar can be found in [this repository](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-exemplar).


## Setup

- Download the latest VM build from the [releases section](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-artifact-vm/releases/latest).
    - The VM builds are split into three archive parts due to GitHub platform limitations. You have to download all three of them.
- Download the latest setup step-by-step guide (PDF) from the [releases section](https://github.com/Echtzeitsysteme/gips-seams-2023-artifact-vm/releases/latest).
- All further steps are explained in the PDF file.


## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.
